docs: RFC on C++17 minimum standard support (#4566)
OSGeo/grass: doc/development/rfc/RFC10_cpp_language_standards_support.md

# RFC 10: C++17 Standard Support for GRASS GIS 8.5

Author of the first draft: Nicklas Larsson

Status: Draft

## Summary

Set a new minimum build requirement for C++ code to support the C++17 standard. This
supersedes the [RFC 7: Language Standards Support](language_standards_support.md) with respect to C++ standard support.

## Background

The RFC 7, which set the minimum supported C++ standard to C++11, was adopted 3.5
years ago. At that time, although the latest versions of common compilers had
full support for C++17, neither the GRASS GIS code itself nor its dependencies
needed or required it. Now, compilers with full C++17 support are available also
in what may be considered stable or long-term-support systems.
Moreover, important dependencies such as PDAL 2.4 (released in March 2022) and
GDAL 3.9 (May 2024) require C++17 support, and so will the future release of
GEOS 3.14.

## C++17 standard for GRASS GIS

The time has come to increase the minimal C++ standard support for GRASS GIS

> code to the C++17 standard. This enables use of new C++17 features, if and when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code to the C++17 standard. This enables the use of new C++17 features, if and when
```

so is needed or recommended. There is, however, no need to make any immediate

> changes to current code. Continuous integration runners already compiles in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes to current code. Continuous integration runners already compile in
```

# RFC 10: C++17 Standard Support for GRASS GIS 8.5

Author of the first draft: Nicklas Larsson

Status: Draft

## Summary

> Set new minimal build requirement for C++ code to support C++17 standard. This
> supersedes the [RFC 7: Language Standards Support](language_standards_support.md),
> regarding C++ standard support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set a new minimum build requirement for C++ code to support the C++17 standard. This
supersedes the [RFC 7: Language Standards Support](language_standards_support.md) with respect to C++ standard support.
```

## Background

> The RFC 7, which set the C++ minimal standard support to C++11, was adopted 3.5
> years ago. At that time, although the latest versions of common compilers had
> full support for C++17, GRASS GIS code itself nor its dependencies were not in
> need or required it. Now, compilers with full C++17 support are available also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The RFC 7, which set the minimum supported C++ standard to C++11, was adopted 3.5
years ago. At that time, although the latest versions of common compilers had
full support for C++17, neither the GRASS GIS code itself nor its dependencies
needed or required it. Now, compilers with full C++17 support are available also
```

in what may be considered stable or long-term-support systems.

> Moreover, important dependencies such as PDAL 2.4 (released in Mars 2022) and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moreover, important dependencies such as PDAL 2.4 (released in March 2022) and
```

GDAL 3.9 (May 2024) require C++17 support, and so will the future release of

> GEOS 3.14 do.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GEOS 3.14.
```
